mimir worker v0 (#69)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/mimir_worker/v0/README.md

# `mimir_worker`

## Usage

> This relation interface is used by [the Mimir Coordinator charm](/url) and [the Mimir Worker charm](/url) to exchange data.

Reviewer: Not sure if this phrasing is clearer?
```suggestion
This relation interface is used by [the Mimir Coordinator charm](/url) and [the Mimir Worker charm](/url) to exchange Mimir Configuration data.
```

And I would remove the three bullet points below as they are re-write of the "Behavior" section.

> - The Mimir Worker charm needs to tell to the coordinator which roles it has
> - The Mimir Coordinator charm needs to tell the worker charms what their configuration is
> - The Mimir Coordinator charm needs to relate to loki and Mimir tell the worker charms what endpoints to push their telemetry to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Direction

This interface implements a provider/requirer pattern: the provider is the Worker and the requirer is the Coordinator.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Requirer -- Config,Endpoints --> Provider
    Provider -- Roles --> Requirer
```

## Behavior
### Provider

> - Is expected to communicate which roles it was assigned by the cloud admin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Is expected to communicate which roles it has
```

- Is expected to accept any configuration provided by the Coordinator and comply with it as if it came from juju-config 

> - List of expectations that the provider needs to fulfill. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    

### Requirer

> - Is expected to communicate to each worker node:
>   - a mapping from unique identifiers to component roles and URLs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Is expected to communicate to each worker node:
  - a mapping from unique identifiers to component roles and URLs
  - what their current configuration should be
  - what endpoint(s) to push telemetry to
```
